# Terms

## TERMS OF SERVICE FOR USERS

- The use of Ascolta is subjected to Indian law with the following modifications and explanations to be considered.
- Ascolta must only be used for private purposes, any commercial use of Ascolta is strictly forbidden.
- It is only allowed to access content which was uploaded to the hosting platform (for example YouTube) by an authorised third party. The user is obliged to check respective rights concerning the content.
- Accessing content that infringes any right in any other way is strictly forbidden. It is forbidden to convert videos that are not publicly available. In case a third party right is already violated by downloading the content, the user bears complete responsibility for this as he started the processing of the data in question.
- It is the only purpose of Ascolta to create a copy of downloadable online-content for the private use of the user ("fair use"). Any further use of the content transmitted by Ascolta, particularly but not exclusively making the content publicly accessible or using it commercially, must be agreed upon with the holder of the rights of the respective downloaded content. The user bears full responsibility for all actions related to the data transmitted by Ascolta. Ascolta does not grant any rights to the contents, as it only acts as a technical service provider.
- Ascolta only provides the technical service. The user carries full responsibility for checking the legitimacy of his use of Ascolta. Ascolta does not take liability towards the user or any third party for the permissibility of downloading content through Ascolta.
- Should individual provisions of these present terms and conditions be or become ineffective, this shall not affect the effectiveness of the remaining provisions.
- The legal venue shall, if admissible, be Indore, India.

## TERMS OF SERVICE FOR CREATORS

- Ascolta cares about copyright infringments seriously. We don't intend any copyright infrignments. Ascolta brings all the content from YouTube, with respect to both YouTube Terms of Service and YouTube API.
- Ascolta Offers a technical service on a voluntary basis. Hence, Ascolta does not take liability for the service working unimpeded or for permanent availability of the service.
- It is the only purpose of Ascolta to navigate you to the selected files and give you control to download files you could also download with own tools an in respect to the copyright law. In any case of downloading a copy of downloadable online-content is provided on the basis of fair use by private users. This right to fair use may not be provided by the laws oft he country you live in, so we strongly suggest on checking the respective law in your own best interest. This means: The distribution and downloading of music files is illegal unless you posses the proper rights to do so. Using any services linked to our service therefore is on your own behalf and risk. You may use our services as well as any linked music files only for personal and non-commercial use. You will not upload or distribute the music files on own behalf by any means. We reserve the right to delete any links and music files from our search engine if we have any doubt on their legallity or are prompted to do so by third parties.
- Accessing pornographic content or such content that infringes any right in any other way is strictly forbidden.
- Any further use of the content transmitted by Ascolta, particularly but not exclusively making the content publicly accessible or using it commercially, must be agreed upon with the holder of the rights of the respective downloaded content. The user bears full responsibility for all actions related to the data transmitted by Ascolta. Ascolta does not grant any rights to the contents, as it only acts as a technical service provider.
- Our platform contains links to external websites of third parties, the contents of which cannot be influenced by us. Thus, we cannot take responsibility for this content. The responsibility lies with the respective provider or host of the websites in question. All linked websites were checked for violations of rights at the time of establishing the link. There was no suspicion of illegal content at that time. Continuous checking of the linked websites, however, is not reasonable without any concrete evidence of a rights violation. Should we be informed about any rights violation, we will immediately delete such links.
- We take no warranty, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and non-infringement. In no case will we or our suppliers be liable for any consequential or incidental damages or for any lost profits or revenues.
- If Ascolta offers direct download functions we carry out your wish to download. No copy is stored on our servers. This function may only be used by means of personal and private use and in respect to "fair use".
- In case a third party right is already violated by downloading the content, the user bears complete responsibility for this as he started the processing of the data in question.
- If you don't accept, don't agree or don't understand any of the information and warnings above, you are not permitted to use our services!